---
layout: post
title: Project Idea
group: post
update: 2015-8-13
---

Do you know that every year, each person in France throws away about 30 kg of food, and 7kg of the food is still-packaged food products. It costs around 100 euro/person/year, therefore the cost of food waste for a family of 4 people is 400 euros.The total cost for food waste is 12 to 20 billion euros/year.

In the other hand, regarding to a research of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) in 2014, overweight and obesity rates in France are among the lowest in Europe, but have been increasing steadily. One in 8 adults is obese in France, and 40% are overweight (including obese).

{% include image.html img="/images/food-waste.png" title="Food waste" caption="Sources of food waste in France, by percentage (Adapted from Etude Bio Intelligence Service : Preparatory Study on Food Waste across EU 27, 2010)" class="normal" width="auto" height="auto" %}

Do you think two things below is concerned? We can say yes! When you buy more than you need and eat more than your body can absorb, you waste your money because you will throw the products when it is near the expiration date, or you try to eat more than you can, which is worse for your health.

{% include image.html img="/images/obesity-trend.png" title="Obesity trend" caption="Trends in the prevalence of overweight (including obesity) in adults, projections and recent estimates, selected OECD countries" class="normal" width="auto" height="auto" %}

By introducing our project, we want to make an application that help people to control their weight, reduce food waste in their fridge and also save their money.

